Be true to
The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it.
A friend is someone who helps you up when you’re down, and if they can’t, they lay down beside you and listen.
A friend is someone who gives you
Friendship is a sheltering tree.
I don't like that man. I must get to know him better.
It’s not what we have, but who we have.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough. Walt Whitman
Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave and impossible to forget.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
Friendship is not about whom you know the longest. It is about who came and never left.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
How distant I am from people when I am with them, and how close when they are far away.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives.
Stay is a charming word in a friendship vocabulary.
Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words.
My definition of a friend is somebody who adores you even though they know the things you're most ashamed of.
Man's best support is a very dear friend.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it’s all over.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
Friendship with oneself is all-important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
A friend is one of the nicest things you can have and one of the best things you can be.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
A good friend is like a four-leaf clover; hard to find and lucky to have.
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
The friendship which can cease has never been real.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Friendship is not always the sequel of obligation.
Friendship is what gets you through the bad times and helps you enjoy the good times.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you
Friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who walked in to your life, said I'm here for you, and proved it.

Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.
Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits becomeious.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
We cannot hope to only leave our children a bigger car, a bigger bank account. We must hope to give them a sense of what it means to be a loyal friend.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Be slow to fall into friendship, but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
Constant use had not worn ragged the fabric of their friendship.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies.
Life is nothing without friendship.
True friendships are eternal.
Friends are the family you choose.
Friendship = vulnerability * time.
No friendship is an accident.
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
Love is friendship on fire.
Remember, no man is a failure who has friends.

Between friends, words are optional.
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff.
Keep the ones that heard you when you never said a word.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
There cannot be friendship without equality.
The ideal friendship is to feel as one while remaining two.
The best mirror is an old friend. George Herbert
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
There are no rules for friendship. It must be left to itself.
My friends are my estate. Emily Dickinson
The secret to friendship is being a good listener.
Friends are proved by adversity.
Friendships are discovered rather than made.
The best cure for a bad day is a good friend.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Friendship is more than being there for your friends when they need you, it’s also allowing your friends to be there for you.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
When was the last time you asked your friend how he/she was doing?
As soon as I saw you, I knew an adventure was going to happen.
If there ever comes a day when we can’t be together, keep me in your heart, I’ll stay there forever.
When you want to help people, you tell them the truth.
Friends they cherish one another’s hopes. They are kind to one another’s dreams.
Do not save your loving speeches for your friends till they are dead; Do not write them on their tombstones, speak them rather now instead.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which strengthens with the setting sun of life.
One friend in a storm is worth more than a thousand friends in sunshine.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
Perhaps the most delightful friendships are those in which there is much agreement, much disputation, and yet more personal liking.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Friendship however is a plant which cannot be forced true friendship is no gourd spring up in a night and withering in a day.
The most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people.
Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person's good.
When people are friends, they have no need of justice, but when they are just, they need friendship in addition.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Your friend is your needs answered.
I love how badass we think we are when we're together.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
Friendship is love minus sex plus reason: Love is friendship plus sex minus reason.
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
I'm a controversial figure. My friends either dislike me or hate me.
I have no trouble with my enemies. But my goddam friends they are the ones that keep me walking the floor nights.
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
I like to hang out with people who make me forget to look at my phone.
No one will ever be as entertained by us as us.
True friendship is when you walk into their house and your WiFi connects automatically.
There are small ships and big ships but the best ships are friendships.
The better the friend, the less cleaning you do before he comes over.
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
We are best friends. Always remember that if you fall I will pick you up after I finish laughing.
The friendship of one intelligent man is better than that of all the unintelligent.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef; love, like being enlivened with champagne.

A day without a friend is like a pot without a single drop of honey left inside.
We'll be friends forever, won't we, Pooh? asked Piglet. Even longer. Pooh answered.
The older I get the more selective I am of who is in my tribe. I would rather have four quarters than a hundred pennies.
You are I are more than friends. We're like a really small gang.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success.
A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Stay is a charming word in a friends vocabulary.
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.

If I had a flower for every time I thought of you. I could walk through my garden forever.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Nobody sees a flower really it is so small it takes time we haven't time and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
We don't need sugar, flour or rice or anything else. We just want to see our dear ones.
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over.
A single rose can be my garden, a single friend, my world.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.
Friendship is given us by nature, not to favor vice, but to aid virtue.
We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young.
In friendship we find nothing false or insincere; everything is straight forward, and springs from the heart.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
We hate some persons because we do not know them; and will not know them because we hate them.
He will never have true friends who is afraid of making enemies.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
It is not so much our friends help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us.
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.
Friends make the good things better and the bad things not so bad.
We read that we ought to forgive our enemies; but we do not read that we ought to forgive our friends.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, and he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
In prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends.
This is my beloved and this is my friend.
Friendship often ends in love. But love in friendship; never.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of despised love.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Friendship is the most constant, the most enduring the most basic part of love.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
Love everyone with a deep love based on charity, but form friendships only with those who can share virtuous things with you. The higher the virtues you share and exchange with others, the more perfect your friendship will be.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention. A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals; love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
The verb to love in Persian is to have a friend. I love you translated literally is I have you as a friend.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the mother for the child.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Love is friendship set on fire.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Friendship is infinitely better than kindness.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
A friend is someone you can share your incomplete thoughts with. People need a private space where they can speak and refine their work in progress thinking.
There is nothing we like to see so much as the gleam of pleasure in a person's eye when he feels that we have sympathized with him, understood him. At these moments something fine and spiritual passes between two friends. These are the moments worth living.

I think if I’ve learned anything about friendship, it’s to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don’t walk away, don’t be distracted, don’t be too busy or tired, don’t take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back: a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say, What are you going through.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
Friends are medicine for a wounded heart and vitamins for a hopeful soul.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
Friendship is the purest love. It is the highest form of love where nothing is asked for, no condition, where one simply enjoys giving.
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.
The sharing of joy, whether physical, emotional, psychic, or intellectual, forms a bridge between the sharers which can be the basis for understanding much of what is not shared between them, and lessens the threat of their difference.
I often find myself saying a little prayer of thanks for you.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
It’s not that other people don’t get me at all. It’s that you get me completely.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
One friend with whom you have a lot in common is better than three with whom you struggle to find things to talk about.
True friendship isn't about being inseparable it's being separated and nothing changes.
We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends, your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.
That's when I realized what a true friend was. Someone who would always love you, the imperfect you, the confused you, the wrong you, because that is what people are supposed to do.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Best friends are the people you can do anything and nothing with and still have the best time.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
True friendship is like sound health. The value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island… to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.

The firmest friendship is based on an identity of likes and dislikes.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Friends, though absent, are still present.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
The best way to mend a broken heart is time and girlfriends.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Sitting silently beside a friend who is hurting may be the best gift we can give.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving much advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a gentle and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.

Never leave a friend behind. Friends are all we have to get us through this life–and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next.
The friend who holds your hand and says the wrong thing is made of dearer stuff than the one who stays away.
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back.
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.
Don’t feel bad if people remember you only when they need you. Feel privileged that you are like a candle that comes to their mind when there is darkness.
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life.
The worst solitude is to have no real friendships.
Friendship has its illusions no less than love.
Friends are God's way of taking care of us.
For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.
What a good favor God does to those he places in the company of good people!
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.
The soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
In the spiritual life nowhere do our ideals meet the actual more truly than in how we relate to each other, in how we make, sustain and are friends.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
Do not be deceived: “Bad company ruins good morals.
Let us be concerned for one another, to help one another to show love and to do good.
And as you wish that others would do to you, do so to them.
Love one another with brotherly affection. Out do one another in showing honor.
Listen to advice and accept instruction, that you may gain wisdom in the future.
Whoever walks with the wise becomes wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm.
A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
The righteous person is a guide to his friend, but the path of the wicked leads them astray.
Iron sharpens iron; so one man sharpens another.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
A faithful friend is the medicine of life.
True enemies are better than false friends.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
I don’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Our true friends are those who are with us when the good things happen. They cheer us on and are pleased by our triumphs. False friends only appear at difficult times, with their sad, supportive faces, when, in fact, our suffering is serving to console them for their miserable lives.
Losing friends that are easily lost is no loss at all.
It is difficult to say who do you the most mischief: enemies with the worst intentions or friends with the best.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
Flattery is like friendship in show, but not in fruit.
Suspicion is the cancer of friendship.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
There are friendships imprinted in our hearts that will never be diminished by time and distance.
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Growing apart doesn’t change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled. I’m glad for that.
Those truly linked don't need correspondence. When they meet again after many years apart, their friendship is as true as ever.
Friendship should be surrounded with ceremonies and respects, and not crushed into corners. Friendship requires more time than poor busy men can usually command.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.
Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius. Fulton J.
He that is jealous is not in love.
True friends stab you in the front.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a
You can always tell a real friend: when you’ve made a fool of yourself he doesn’t feel you’ve done a permanent job.
Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports.
There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.
Sometimes me think, What is friend. Then me say, Friend is someone to share the last cookie with.
Only a true friend would be that truly honest.
We will be friends until forever, just you wait and see.
We didn't even realize we were making memories. We just knew we were having fun.
If ever there is a tomorrow when we’re not together, there is something you must always remember: you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
I wouldn't trade it for anything. Never, no, never. Your friendship is the best present ever.
Some people are worth melting for. Olaf
If you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true.
When I look at you, I can feel it. I look at you and I'm home.
You've got a friend in me.
We're a family, we stick together.
No matter what happens, you'll always be a prince to me.
I'll miss you when I wake up.
When you're the best of friends having so much fun together, you're not even aware, you're such a funny pair.
You and I are a team. Nothing is more important than our friendship.
Every minute spent in your company becomes the new best moment of my life.
My dream wouldn't be complete without you in it.
Louise, no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
We made a deal ages ago… men, babies, it doesn’t matter. We’re soulmates.
Old stories are like old friends, she used to say. You have to visit them from time to time.
I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.
Anyone can change your life, if you let them.
Friendship isn’t about being inseparable, but about being separated and knowing nothing will change.
True friends are always together in spirit.
The human spirit is more powerful than any drug and that is what needs to be nourished with work, play, friendship, family. These are the things that matter.
It’s an insane world but in it there is one sanity, the loyalty of old friends.
An old friend is never an extra guest.

The most important thing in life will always be the people in this room. Right here, right now.
I don’t have friends, I have family.
Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.
Here together, friends forever. Some things were just meant to be, and that’s you and me.
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance but never in heart.
You give me reasons to smile and reasons to laugh, but most of all, you give me memories I could never forget.
Flowers will die, the sun will set, but you're a friend I won't forget. Your name is so precious, it will never grow old. It's engraved in my heart in letters of gold.
At the end of every tunnel, there is a light somewhere, a light of hope and reason, and a light to guide us to the safety from the dark, to outstretched hands there. These hands hold out friendship, something everyone needs, for friendship brings a wealth much more than anything money can buy, for without this wealth, many of us would just shrivel up and die.
Don't walk in front of me. I may not follow. Don't walk behind me. I may not lead. Walk beside me, just be my friend.
The most I can do for my friend is simply to be his friend. I have no wealth to bestow on him. If he knows that I am happy in loving him, he will want no other reward. Is not friendship divine in this?
