The future influences the present just as much as the past.
We are going from bread and circuses to cannabis and video games to psychedelics and VR.
Understand: the future belongs to groups that are fluid, fast, and nonlinear.
The future depends on what you do today.
There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future.
He who has courage despises the future.
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Understand your past, live this moment,
The future is completely open and we are writing it moment to moment.
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it.
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.
The most amazing thing about the future won’t be the spaceships, but the beings flying them.
Unless you are 80 years old or something, you will have to repeatedly reinvent yourself in the coming decades — you'll probably change your job a number of times.
We need to get to know ourselves better and we need to develop this mental flexibility. Not as a kind of hobby for the side. This is really the most important quality or skill to just survive the upheavals in the coming decades.
The technology is unstoppable. The future is bright.
Nothing that we do lasts. Eventually, you will fade. Your works will fade. Your children will fade. Your thoughts will fade. These planets will fade. This sun will fade. It will all be gone.
Life is not linear. It does not steadily become better or worse. It is cyclical in nature. The same patterns (like joy and sorrow) repeat again and again in an alternating rhythm. Understand this, be released from the illusion of a blissful future, and start living now.
The empires of the future will be empires of the mind.
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope.
Discipline has within it the potential for creating future miracles.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future.
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain.
To make the future is highly risky. It is less risky, however, than not to try to make it.
Future love does not exist. Love is a present activity only. The man who does not manifest love in the present has not love.

Modern humans overdose on information, pushing the limits of our design constraints. Future humans will adopt filtering mechanisms to avoid drowning in random data. They'll look back on us with pity. Attention pollution is a huge drain on our collective intellectual resources.
The perfected future never arrives. Life is full of seemingly endless trouble, and then life ends. Find peace in the imperfect present.
Life can be found only in the present moment. The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life.

The future is literally in our hands to mold as we like. But we cannot wait until tomorrow. Tomorrow is now.
The future comes slowly, the present flies and the past stands still forever.
The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways.
Make creativity rather than comfort your goal and you will ensure far more success for the future.(This is one of my favorite future quote.
Study the past if you would define the future.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
One faces the future with one's past.
For the majority of us, the past is a regret, the future an experiment.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something, your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
What I'm asking for is hard. It's easier to be cynical; to accept that change isn't possible, and politics is hopeless, and to believe that our voices and actions don't matter. But if we give up now, then we forsake a better future.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.
We face the future with our past and our present as guarantors of our promises.
We cannot build our own future without helping others to build theirs.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
I like dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because some day in life you will have been all of these.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
The past is no more, the future is not yet. “Now” includes the balance of being here, experiencing, involvement, phenomenon, awareness.
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless.
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
We are now faced with the fact that tomorrow is today. We are confronted with the fierce urgency of now.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
The future is now.
The future is emotional.
Forever is composed of nows.
Only you can control your future.
The future is always beginning now.
And in today already walks tomorrow.
We are always yesterday and tomorrow.
Make your past the fuel for your future.
What is coming is better than what is gone.
The seeds of our future are sown in our past.
For the future, the motto is, No days unalert.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Heal the past, live the present, dream the future.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
The present is short, the future is doubtful, the past is certain.
The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.
The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine.
The future is better than you think.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
As for the future, your task is not to foresee it, but to enable it.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Help others have a better future and yours will be guaranteed.
Now is the only time. How we relate to it creates the future. In other words, if we're going to be more cheerful in the future, it's because of our aspiration and exertion to be cheerful in the present. What we do accumulates; the future is the result of what we do right now.
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.
You better live your best and act your best and think your best today; for today is the sure preparation for tomorrow and all the other tomorrows that follow.
The further and deeper we contemplate the future, the greater our capacity to shape it according to our desires.
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.
People who don’t need the money can work for payoffs that are further in the future and more uncertain, but much bigger. They can arbitrage other people’s need for immediacy and certainty, and hire them as employees. The less you need it today, the more you can have tomorrow.
Don't burn your future on the altar of the past. Remember it. Don't live in it. Learn the lesson. The past is fixed. The future is variable. You will transform. You will endure.
It is fruitless to wish you had started years ago. In the future you will wish you had started now. Don't wish. Act.
You can build a future out of anything. A scrap, a flicker. The desire to go forward, slowly, one foot at a time. You can build an airy city out of ruins.
The past explains how I got here, but the future is up to me and I love to live life at full throttle.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
The hard work of the future will be pushing buttons.
Let others consult the horoscope, or read tarot cards: You have more concrete means of seeing into the future.
The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window.
The future isn't just something that happens. It's a brutal force with a great sense of humor that will steamroll you if you're not watching.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face forever.
The future is already here, it’s just not very evenly distributed.
The future always comes too fast and in the wrong order.
The future interests me. I'm going to spend the rest of my life there.
People live for the morrow, because the day-after-to-morrow is doubtful.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future.
He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.
We know the past but cannot control it. We control the future but cannot know it.
The most painful state of being is remembering the future, particularly the one you'll never have.
What is
Fuck yesterday. Don't dwell on it. Understand it, learn from it but don't over respect it and allow it to affect tomorrow negatively.
You're addicted to past and future thinking because it feels safe. You avoid present thinking because it feels unsafe.
The twentieth century was great and terrible, and the twenty-first century promises to be far greater and more terrible.
A future society may support overclocking brilliant young scientists with mental performance enhancing drugs to get more scientific breakthroughs.
Anti-establishment candidates are the future.
Future: Money becomes information. Weapons become information. Land becomes information. Software eats society.
Ubiquitous streaming cameras with remote storage will eventually end almost all physical criminal activities.
Anything you do will fade. It will disappear, just like the human race will disappear and the planet will disappear. Get to Mars, even that group will disappear. No one is going to remember you past a certain number of generations, whether you’re an artist or a poet or a conqueror or a pauper or nothing.
Be skeptical of approaches that don’t find it necessary to suffer today for a better tomorrow.
The moment you move to protect the status quo instead of disrupting or improving it, you put yourself at risk of becoming irrelevant in the near future.
We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.
Time is accelerating. It’s the first time in history when we’ll have no idea how human society will be like in a couple of decades.
Illusions: 1. there is a better future awaiting you. 2. some day your problems will end. 3. change of govt will solve your problems. 4. worldly success will make you happy. 5. achieving a particular goal will bring lasting satisfaction. 6. you'll finally start living after you've made it.
We have created a fragile and comfortable modern world in which things are much less likely to go slightly wrong, yet more likely to go catastrophically wrong. The future offers up enormous opportunity and enormous existential risk.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience. I know no way of judging of the future but by the past.
To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top. Robert M. Pirsig (
People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
The future belongs to the people who can see now, from a long-term perspective.
Think long term. Execute short term. Experience now.
Think on the long term when making a decision. Go back to not thinking when you are done.
Choose the path that leaves you more equanimous in the long term.
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don’t take yourself so seriously.
The more you understand yourself, the easier it will be to make good decisions.
The only moment of possible happiness, is the present. The past gives regrets. And future uncertainties. Man quickly realised this and created religion. It forgives him what he has done wrong in the past and tells him not to worry about the future, as you will go to paradise.
Tomorrow will take care of itself based on what you do today.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
You likely can't predict the future but you can prepare for multiple possible futures.(
Never take it for granted that your past successes will continue into the future. Actually, your past successes are your biggest obstacle: every battle, every war, is different, and you cannot assume that what worked before will work today.
You must always be prepared to place a bet on yourself, on your future, by heading in a direction that others seem to fear.
When people choose between talk about the past and talk about the future, a pragmatic person will always opt for the future and forget the past.
Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive. Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled.
If your options seem limited, expand your time horizon to a decade. Your current circumstances, obligations or skills become irrelevant. Once cured from short term thinking, you’re free to go in any direction.
An hour of thinking can save a decade of struggle.
I think the most important thing is to invest in emotional intelligence and mental balance, because the hardest challenges will be psychological.
I'm more interested in the future than in the past, because the future is where I intend to live.
If we are ever to enjoy life, now is the time, not tomorrow or next year. Today should always be our most wonderful day.
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Real life is the present moment — not the memories of the past, nor the dreams of the future.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today. Dale Carnegie
Our lust for future comfort is the biggest thief of life.
When you forgive, you in no way change the past, but you sure do change the future.
Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.
Life is a balance between accepting the present moment and fighting for a better future.
When you are present in this moment, you break the continuity of your story, of past and future. Then true intelligence arises, and also love.
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.
Instead of treating events as wins or loses, ask. Did I learn something I can apply in the future?
At any given time, when you’re walking down the streets, a very small percentage of your brain is focused on the present. The rest is future planning or regretting the past. That’s keeping you from an incredible experience. It’s keeping you from seeing the beauty in everything and for being grateful for where you are.
The most important time frames: A. 10+ years ahead. B. This moment right now. Worries, small thinking, overplanning, they all happen in-between. And neither justifies leaving the present.
Choosing to live in the past or the future not only robs you of enjoyment today, it robs you of truly living.
There is no love in the future. Love can only exist in the present moment. A man who does not manifest love in the present does not love at all.
When thinking about life, remember this: No amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
The future is a concept, it doesn't exist. There is no such thing as tomorrow. There never will be, because time is always now. That's one of the things we discover when we stop talking to ourselves and stop thinking. We find there is only present, only an eternal now.
Never carry things on from the past. The past is gone. Every moment be rid of it, solved or unsolved. Drop it, and don’t carry parts, because those parts won’t allow you to solve new problems that live in this moment.
There is nothing other than this present moment; there is no past, there is no future; there is nothing but this. So when we don't pay attention to each little this, we miss the whole thing.
If you are depressed you are living in the past, if you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.
Move into the future with
I don't carry the burden of the past or the madness of the future. I live in the present.
You waste precious time dreaming of the future instead of engaging in the present.
There is some comfort in the emptiness of the sea, no past, no future.
The fundamental delusion, there is something out there that will make me happy and fulfilled forever.
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
The most anxious people live in the future. The most saddest people live in the past. The happiest people live in the present.
Do not look back on happiness or dream of it in the future. You are only sure of today; do not let yourself be cheated out of it.
Not obsessing about the future and not beating yourself up over what you don’t have is very important, because then you can pay attention and be grateful for what you do have.
Happiness is that state when nothing is missing. When nothing is missing, your mind shuts down and your mind stops running into the future or running into the past to regret something or to plan something.
The fewer desires I can have, the more I can accept the current state of things, the less my mind is moving because the mind really exists in motion towards the future or the past.
Happiness to me is mainly not suffering, not desiring, not thinking too much about the future or the past, really embracing the present moment and the reality of what is, the way it is.
The future is made up of only one substance and that is the present moment. By taking care of the present, you are doing everything you can to assure a good future.
Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves – slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Learn from your past, don't live in it. The past must be integrated, it cannot be wished away, but it also should not be allowed to devour the future. Today is tomorrow's past, don't spend it reliving yesterday. See the infinite flowering of now.
Don't sacrifice the present by dreaming of the hypothetically perfect future. Don't sacrifice the present by obsessing over a nostalgically distorted past. Today is yesterday's hypothetically perfect future. Today is tomorrow's nostalgically distorted past.
A toxic relationship with the past poisons the future. This is true for individuals and for nations.
Many people are unwilling to suffer in the short term to reach fulfillment in the long term.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
Heaven is being immersed in the moment. Hell is worrying about the future.
There are two kinds of future concern: desire and fear.
Cut your ties to the past; enter territory.
Anomalies often represent the future, but to our eyes they seem strange.
Your brain is a survival machine which means it will always try to predict the future.
If you are clear and far-thinking enough, you will understand that the future is uncertain, and that you must be open to adaptation.
Anxiety contaminates the present with the pains of all imaginable futures. We cannot experience the fullness of the moment if we are forever suffering from hypothetical hardships.
Who knows whether the gods will add tomorrow to the present hour?
Maturity of mind is the capacity to endure uncertainty.
The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
The future is full of anxiety. Only the present is real — the here-and-now. Seize the day.
A cynic is not merely one who reads bitter lessons from the past, he is one who is prematurely disappointed in the future.
I have learned to live each day as it comes, and not to borrow trouble by dreading tomorrow. It is the dark menace of the future that makes cowards of us.
Fear keeps us focused on the past or worried about the future. If we can acknowledge our fear, we can realize that right now we are okay. Right now, today, we are still alive, and our bodies are working marvelously. Our eyes can still see the beautiful sky. Our ears can still hear the voices of our loved ones.
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past; and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
In the future we find anxiety. In the past we find nostalgia. In the present we find peace.
To be uncertain is to be uncomfortable, but to be certain is to be ridiculous.
The future doesn't belong to the fainthearted; it belongs to the brave.
The future belongs to those who have the guts to pull the trigger.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Social media and 24 hour news has made long term thinking very hard for people. They are fooled by short term metrics. The most valuable things in life and business must be given time to evolve. Identify what is real and practice patience.
The most courageous person is the one who does his best right now knowing it's the only thing that will bring a better future.
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don’t give up.
The future is meaningless and unimportant to the person who can bravely face and make the most of the present. The present moment is, as would say, all you need. It’s enough. Good or bad. Scary or exciting. A man must live in the present and face it with courage. Starting today.
No longer be either dissatisfied with thy present lot, or shrink from the future.
It is the patient building of character, the intense struggle to realize the truth, which alone will tell in the future of humanity.
Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow.
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him.
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Where there is no hope in the future, there is no power in the present.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Hope is your ally for a better future but it's also what makes you suffer today. Keep fighting, keep living.
No good can come from refusing to think far into the future and planning to the end.
The best way to lead people into the future is to connect with them deeply in the present.
Part 1. To be hopeful in bad times is not just foolishly romantic. It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness.
Part 2. What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives. If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something.
Part 3. If we remember those times and places and there are so many where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act, and at least the possibility of sending this spinning top of a world in a different direction.
Part 4. And if we do act, in however small a way, we don't have to wait for some grand utopian future.
Part 5. The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.
Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
The future can be different if we choose to make it so. There is no time for complacency, hope lies in what action we take.
We have no guarantee what will happen in the future, but we live in hope. That's what keeps us going.
Our faith in the present dies out long before our faith in the future.
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different.
You don’t win by predicting the future; you win by getting the odds right.
The year is 3720. Humans can extend their lives forever. To prevent overpopulation, the government issues each newborn 500 years worth of life credits. They are tradeable down to the minute. Abdul, a 900-year-old religious leader, just crowdfunded his next millennium.
Predicting the future anytime, in any realm, is fairly perilous.
The primary reason the brain remembers the past is to better predict what will work in the future.
It's easier to explain the past than predict the future.
Predicting what’s going to change is hard. Predicting what’s going to stay the same is relatively easy.
The siren song of avoiding uncertainty and knowing the future is hard to resist. Having the answer is the equivalent of signaling to the world that you’re an oracle.
In the coming 30 years the tendency toward the dematerialized, the decentralized, the simultaneous, the platform enabled, and the cloud will continue unabated.
Brooding on the past is futile, so is being anxious about future. Focus on what you can do in the present because the present is creating your future.
No one has ever gone back in time and no one has ever been able to predict the future successfully in any way that matters.
You are basically a bunch of hardware DNA written, that then reacted to environmental effects when you were younger. Then you recorded the things that were good and bad and you use that to prejudge everything that’s going to be thrown against you. Then you’re using that to constantly try and predict and change the future.
The distant future is small free cities with drone armies and skill-based immigration policies, surrounded by a sea of failed socialist states.
The brain is a memory prediction machine. It has a memory of things that worked in the past and what it’s read and it’s trying to predict the future.
The future is unpredictable, and worrying about it is a waste of time. Focus on right now, and you’ll always be able to handle what comes.
Humans are going to upgrade themselves into gods. That is, humans will acquire abilities that in the past were considered divine, such as eternal youth, mind reading, and the ability to engineer life.
You are the best author of your own future. So, the next time you sit down to write your own story, remember that you are the creator of the best chapters that could ever be written. Catherine Pulsifer
Be mindful of intention. Intention is the seed that creates our future.
Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future.
Once we rid ourselves of traditional thinking we can get on with creating the future.
The future is not built on fads. The future is built by true believers.
Innovation is the calling card of the future.
Future companies will be smaller and more nimble.

A leader's job is to look into the future and see the organization, not as it is, but as it should be. Jack Welch
The only way to lead is by creating new paths. The only way to create new paths is by taking the risk of being 100% yourself.
In order to keep up with the world of 2050, you will need not merely to invent new ideas and products but above all to reinvent yourself over and over again.
Our future growth relies on competitiveness and innovation, skills and productivity, and these in turn rely on the education of our people. Julia Gillard
We are rapidly networking together every brain on the planet. Nothing like this has ever happened. It is without precedent. The future will belong to those who grasp the significance of this and truly understand what animates the movements of the crowd.
Forty hour workweeks are a relic of the Industrial Age. Knowledge workers function like athletes, train and sprint, then rest and reassess.
We're going to see an era of everyone employing remote tech workers.
Pick an industry where you can play long term games with long term people.
If you don’t want to go to the meeting right now, your future self won’t want to go to it later, either.
I think the best way to prepare for the future 20 years is find something you love to do, to have a shot at being one of the best people in the world at it.
Try to make a creative work, so you’ll stay interesting, stay ahead of the game. Anything that’s not a creative, society can replicate and then not pay you full value over time, so it’s always better to solve new problems and do new things, and get comfortable with working in a boom-bust fashion, where a couple of weeks at a time you may have a lot of work, then a couple of weeks at a time you’re on vacation.
The future is all headed towards individual brands. You can see how reporters on the New York Times now build individual brands on Twitter that far exceed the brand that they would build just under the New York Times.
Our future success is directly proportional to our ability to understand, adopt and integrate new technology into our work.
People skills are so important now and will continue to be in high demand in the future.
Objectives are not fate; they are direction. They are not commands; they are commitments. They do not determine the future; they are means to mobilize the resources and energies of the business for the making of the future.
Long range planning does not deal with future decisions, but with the future of present decisions.
The future is hidden even from those who are forging it. Anatole France
Technology feeds on itself. Technology makes more technology possible.
Digital addiction is going to be one of the great mental health crises of our time.
Remote is the future of everything. Education. Fitness. Experiences. Medicine. Relationships. Community. The technology is finally cohesive enough — VR will simply accelerate this trend.
The instantaneous cross over between real and virtual worlds is the future.
If you control the code, you control the world. This is the future that awaits us.
Any work you do in the comfort of a routine risks being taken over by a robot.
Most of the problems we have in our life today have come from previous technologies. And most of the problems in the future will come from the technologies that we’re inventing today.
Yes, robots will probably take your job — but the future will still be pretty great.
We are, and will remain, perpetual newbies.
Uber owns no vehicles. Facebook creates no content. Alibaba has no inventory. And Airbnb owns no real estate. Something interesting is happening.
Our intuition about the future is linear. But the reality of information technology is exponential, and that makes a profound difference. If I take 30 steps linearly, I get to 30. If I take 30 steps exponentially, I get to a billion.
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past. Tim Berners-Lee (inventor of the World Wide Web) (
Any new technology tends to go through a 25-year adoption cycle.
Technology enables us to work every minute of every day from any place on the planet.
A future society will be better served by un-censorable, distributed, open-source social media protocols.
Future media should be open-source, distributed, and user controlled.
It’s increasingly clear that the wealth and power of any given nation state will be proportional to its ability to create and utilize new technology.
Anything in your pockets that’s not a smartphone will be replaced by the smartphone.
Far future: In a perfect Virtual Reality world, we all live in governments of one.
It took decades for society to comprehend the damage from junk food and sugar addiction. It will take just as long with social media and dopamine addiction. And it will seem just as obvious looking back.
The future belongs to social media. It is egalitarian and inclusive. Social media is not about any country, any language, any colour, any community but it is about human values and that is the underlying link binding humanity.
The Internet is no longer a web that we connect to. Instead, it’s a computerized, networked, and interconnected world that we live in. This is the future, and what we’re calling the Internet of Things.
If future generations are to remember us with gratitude rather than contempt, we must leave them more than the miracles of technology. We must leave them a glimpse of the world as it was in the beginning, not just after we got through with it.
The programmers of tomorrow are the wizards of the future. You're going to look like you have magic powers compared to everybody else. Gabe Newell
One of the most important ingredients to success in life and business is the ability to adapt as technology changes and new trends emerge in a fast-paced digital world.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
The revolutionary potential of future technologies is to change Homo sapiens itself, including our bodies and our minds, and not merely our vehicles and weapons.
The future will basically take care of itself. We just need to develop better technology and it will create a kind of paradise on earth.

Many times the reading of a book has made the future of a man.
Next generation will be faster thinkers, better tool users, able to handle more complex situations.
For these are all our children. We will all profit by, or pay for, whatever they become.
Education is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.
Learn
I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession.
My father taught me to always do more than you get paid for as an investment in your future.
I believe one of the things future generations will look back on and say “what were they thinking” about us involves the notion of standardized education. In the future it will be mostly personalized to individuals.
The future of education will be (i) asynchronous and synchronous, here and there, (ii) decentralized, the best content from wherever, (iii) customized (iv) with attention to measuring improvements at the edge of competence (v) accessible to all for cheap, and (vi) global.
The most important investment that people can make is not to learn a particular skill—”I'll learn how to code computers,” or “I will learn Chinese,” or something like that. No, the most important investment is really in building this more flexible mind or personality.
We’re in an unprecedented situation in history in the sense that nobody knows what the basics about how the world will look like in 20 or 30 years. Not just the basics of geopolitics but what the job market would look like, what kind of skills people will need, what family structures will look like, what gender relations will look like. This means that for the first time in history we have no idea what to teach in schools.
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.
Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future.
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
We may not be able to prepare the future for our children, but we can at least prepare our children for the future.
For me it was never about money, but solving problems for the future of humanity.
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
Without it, there would be no planning, no building, no culture; without an imagined picture of the future, our civilization would not exist.
What will happen to you and me? We don't know. What will happen to humanity? We don't know. What will happen to the Earth? We don't know. It's that uncertainty that makes life so special.
The future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common, as opposed to those things that separate us and ultimately lead us into conflict.
I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am more optimistic about the future of America than ever before.
There will come a time in the distant future, where no one will know who you were, no one will know of your existence and contributions, no one will know your pain and suffering, and your happiness. Time will wipe away both men and the memories of men. Let yourself be free.
If the earth does grow inhospitable toward human presence, it is primarily because we have lost our sense of courtesy toward the earth and its inhabitants. Thomas Berry
The critical responsibility for the generation you're in is to help provide the shoulders, the direction, and the support for those generations who come behind. Gloria Dean Randle Scott
The great Norwegian playwright, Henrik Ibsen, wrote, One of these days, the younger generation will come knocking at my door. The future is knocking at our door right now. Make no mistake, the next generation will ask us one of two questions. Either they will ask: What were you thinking; why didn't you act? Or they will ask instead: How did you find the moral courage to rise and successfully resolve a crisis that so many said was impossible to solve?
Perhaps the future no longer depends on a single leader but on each of us who can quietly dedicate our life to light love and healing.
The future can be anything we want it to be, providing we have the faith and that we realize that peace, no less than war, required blood and sweat and tears.
It's unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved through prayer or good wishes alone; what we need is to take action.
The future is in your hands, but for it to be peaceful and happy requires a sense of compassion and concern for others’ well-being.
I believe it is possible that decades from now we will see an era of peace — but we must work together as global citizens of a shared planet.
Today we understand that the future of humanity very much depends on our planet, and that the future of the planet very much depends on humanity.
I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment.
The future is in the hands of those who explore and from all the beauty they discover while crossing perpetually receding frontiers, they develop for nature and for humankind an infinite love.
When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race.
The greatest adventure is what lies ahead. Today and tomorrow are yet to be said. The chances, the changes are all yours to make. The mold of your life is in your hands to break.
